It was me you're ruining my company for some whore then got the cops chasing after me and now
Now it's time for me to repay the favor and you led the last attack, too. Oh, yeah
Why should you be the richest man alive? Well, I am left with nothing. I
Wanted you to lose it all
We're gonna go down together
Man you will unlock failed one just remaining Lucy you're the anti-virus hacker expert aren't you just give up Chris
Just give up not even dr. Teakin unlock Quinton's defense
You're finished
Mr. Evans you don't seem too worried about losing everything. Why would I be I have two MBAs I
Have an excellent track record of a resume. I have built LM to be the second largest company on
Earth so if the company goes under I can just get a job speaking of Miss Garcia
Do you have an executive assistant position open at your company just curious?
Chris
Did you lose your mind?
LM is your life's work
Well, apparently no one can say even now
Especially the ones you trust
Boss, this isn't a time for jokes if we don't act now LM will really go under
Have you lies the head that wears the crown move. What are you doing move?